chore(release): Automated agent release notes (v1.0.12) (#1235)
armory/docs: content/en/armory-enterprise/release-notes/rn-armory-agent/agent-service/agent-service-v-1-0-12.md

---
title: v1.0.12 Armory Agent Service (2022-02-17)
toc_hide: true
version: 01.00.12

---

1. Fixes a nil pointer exception condition that crashes the agent on rare ocasions

> 2. Identifies a preferred resource mapping for the provided version on the deployment manifest stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fixes

- Fixed a nil pointer exception condition that caused the Agent to crash in certain conditions.

## Improvements

- Agent now identifies and uses a preferred resource mapping for the provided manifest version on a Deploy Manifest stage. This helps prevent mismatch errors between versions of a deployed manifest.
```
